Message Orchestration/Canvas Sync Alt Text (#3293)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_partners/message_orchestration/additional_channels/direct_mail/inkit.md

To create an Inkit webhook template to use in future campaigns or Canvases, navigate to the **Templates & Media** section in the Braze platform. If you would like to create a one-off Inkit webhook campaign or use an existing template, select **Webhook** in Braze when creating a new campaign.

> ![An image of some of the available predesigned webhook templates in Braze.][7]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![A selection of available predesigned webhook templates in the Webhook Templates tab of the Templates & Media section.][7]
```

Once you have selected the Inkit webhook template, you should see the following:
- **Webhook URL**: `https://internal.inkit.io/integrations/webhook`
- **Request Body**: Raw Text

> ![An image of the request body code and webhook URL shown in the Braze webhook builder compose tab.][5]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Request body code and webhook URL shown in the Braze webhook builder compose tab.][5]
```
